https://www.weusecoins.com/en/find-the-best-bitcoin-wallet/


Largest Bitcoin Mining Pool
Antpool
BTC.TOP
BTC.com
Bixin
BTCC pool


Antminers
Bitclub network
Block chain

Sweden bitcoin industry


https://latesthackingnews.com/2017/12/18/blockchain-technology-behind-bitcoin/

Normal transaction it requires a bank like paypal, mastercard, visa, or bank and takes a percentage of the transaction 
The transaction is vulnerable to hacking
Cryptocurrency is recorded in public ledger called blockchain 
Fiat currency is based on faith on the system
All Money is fake


Bitcoin

Bitcoin and all other currency are eithe called the future of currency or causing the biggest bubble ever.

Critism and complance in media about crypto currency is that its made up money and has no backing .
But is that true?


Crypto unlike dollars or gold or silver has the biggest backing of all. Radical transparency .
Radical transparency 
Bitcoin meteoric rise to $19000 a coin to $700
How crypto is the future , or that crpto is a scam
The biggest bubble since the Dutch tulip crash of 1637

Did you know
-The US dollar came off the gold standard in 1933
-Fully abadoned it in 1971 under Nixon regime
-US created the petrodollar in 1973
-Deal with Saudi Arabia to use dollar aganist oil contracts.
coin. 
Peter Thiel
"You will not be able to pay your taxes in Bitcoin. You have to pay them in dollars.
If you dont pay them in dollars, there will be people who will show up with guns to make you pay them"


"Coercion is what holds the US dollar system together. Tax driven money is the phrase that economists us
to describe the theory . It applies to all soverign currencies"

What about commodity backed currency, like gold or silver ?

The use of precious metals as money goes back nearly 3,0000 years ?

Blochchain - Secure digital ledger and distributed database tracking transaction anonymously and replicatiting them to prevent dataloss






































